Welcome back.
So in last video we got these checkmarked setter from those restored icons eight icons up what we're
going to do now is style the error messages that appear.
For example if I enter the wrong data.
You'll see that we have this error message but doesn't look very good as just three lines of style Faramir
correctly.
So inspect element on that.
So the error message span right here we're just going to say colour and this is going to be the same
spot light green.
And if you don't remember the colour on the go look it up.
You can just do FFG or any colour you want.
Right.
And then click on this bird right here there's a square.
It'll open this up and then you can move your mouse onto that colour and it would take that colour out
there.
Okay.
Precentor.
Font size is going to be 12 pixels you want this to be fairly small.
And then see how this username appears an x ray using a label we just willing make that appear on a
new line.
When you say display block like that and that's great.
Copy and paste that get back to you see yes this file an amber.
This span is called error message.
So I mean just say in that container space in an error message paste in there you could just have it
as error message instead.
But just to make the deselected a bit more descriptive which is always better is you can put in container
as well because it falls into the input content like that sorry we've applied the style.
Now if we save that refresh the page we should still see that so refresh the page and then so the wrong
data again.
And you see we have our style.
We also are going to add some spacing to that label.
I guess we forgot to do that.
So when I made this label have some margin on our way.
We did get enlargen.
Maybe give this display a block like that and then the margin actually applies and display blocks just
means that it displays the block element and no items get here on the side.
And it takes into account the positions of the surrounding elements as well.
So we added the display block to there and that means the margin we added are actually working now.
So just make sure you member to copy and paste our display block.
Go back to redstart see assess and I can see here it's like 74.
So go to like 74 and just pay stiner by that and then save that scenario.
We started our messages and then we also added a little bit side to this that we've got to do.